welcome to slash forward
before we begin i want to do a pre-video
reminder that my website is now engorged
with merch
so check it out in this episode we're
gonna keep the horror elements subtle
again with cutthroat's nine
rather than spiritual vibes this
spaghetti western just hits us with that
hardcore unnecessary violence
if you understand the pain of having to
duct tape your intestines back in
welcome to the channel let's get to it
we open on a vast wintry landscape with
a credit scene that pinpoints for us the
exact moment
quentin tarantino would have [ __ ] his
pants
there it is we get an internal monologue
from sergeant brown
he's leaving the golden sand mine and
venturing 400 miles to fort green on a
prison coach
loaded with the most villainous scumbags
ever to walk the earth and also
appropriately his
young daughter unfortunately they still
have 399 miles to go when old buddy
strolls out to the trail for a parlay
in which he offers an exchange of all
their mined gold as payment to prevent
his hidden posse from killing them all
disappointed to find nothing but these
salty bastards they start gut-butting
everyone in sight
sending the soldiers back for gold and
sending the carriage down the road a
piece
without a coachman the sergeant and
kathy bail out after they all regained
their composure the men falsely assumed
that due to the low chance of survival
they'll all just be going their own way
sergeant brown is a man of integrity and
he has an order to fulfill and he
intends to do so under threat of machete
he drives them on a forced march in
which the men wish their injured
compatriot
would be so kind as to go ahead and just
die to free them of his burden but he
hangs in there requiring them to get
clever turning him into actual dead
weight this backfires though when no one
fesses up to the murder despite being
asked politely and brown declines to
release the corpse from their chain
as the provisions run out the men begin
to get restless and horny when a rough
trail requires brown to tend to the
mayor
it provides an opportunity for dean to
tend to cathy this horrifies brown so to
instill a greater sense of danger in his
naive daughter he reveals later that one
of these men killed her mother
and are not to be trusted when they wake
later he sees these enterprising men of
science use their idle time to solve
their problem in a novel way and they're
easily freed
following this theme in a future span of
idle time they go tapping on the chains
in the hope they may get a lucky strike
and soon realize that their shackles are
made of the mind gold disguised as iron
recognizing they now hold some weight in
this relationship they attempt to
renegotiate the terms
but brown doesn't hesitate to make an
example of one of them so they soon
realize unless they want a grody looking
eyeball they better
fall in line unfortunately kathy's
strength wanes and she drags her father
down with her the fellows find an old
storehouse in the woods and brown gives
out about 10 feet from the finish line
he wakes up later to them slapping the
crap out of him then the men fight for
first rights to kathy weasel comes
out on top and the men delight in their
wickedness in the morning they taunt the
sergeant about how he'll never know
which of them killed his wife and then
they forget to untie him before burning
the place down as they continue along
dean becomes swollen with murderous rage
and squeezes the life out of weasel
without missing a step joe doesn't take
kindly to this betrayal and vows to take
revenge at the first chance
when they come to a clearing and find a
deer dandy tom is unable to get anywhere
close to hitting it
so when given another opportunity he has
to turn the pistol over to dean who
finds his target
despite the influx of nourishment kathy
continues to swoon
they want to cut her loose but dean's in
control now and he says she comes along
they meet up with the train tracks and
lay across them hoping the next train
coming down the line will free them of
their bonds
but leave their feet intact and before
long they're laughing and swinging
chains about their heads just like when
they were kids
at next camp we learned dean was
arrested for a robbery he didn't commit
so he can be trusted and they decide to
go to the farmhouse outside fort greene
to get supplies and release the shackles
however this is too close to danger for
rey so he grabs
all the provisions and goes off on his
own but in his weakened state he doesn't
make it far before he's taken to
flailing about in the snow
while the others take the redhorn pass
through the mountains he ends up at the
charred remains of the storehouse
and begins hallucinating hard the ghost
of sergeant brown drives him to a nearby
road where he's discovered by buddy and
his gang still searching for gold
after threatening him with his letter
opener they decide to bring him along to
the farmhouse
but they make the mistake of sleeping on
old ray a wily old sucker who takes the
first chance to escape in the ensuing
shootout he dispatches the entire crew
but doesn't make it out unscathed so he
takes one last look at his chains and
dies
the others arrive at the farmhouse at
nightfall finding themselves in a
hateful aid scenario when they start
ordering supplies caldwell gets nervous
about payment so they show off their
anklets and start bossing people around
the soldiers have designs on them coming
to fort greene to answer some questions
about how they came across those
bitching chains but they turned the
tables compelling the men to drink
themselves into a stupor before tying
them up in the barn
the new plan is to wait for the supply
coach from fort greene that comes every
morning so they can acquire a means of
escape
to fill the boredom joe decides to
collect on an old dead from caldwell
leaving the man holding his guts in his
hands and just barely getting the hay
hook through his
ultra thick cable knit sweater and then
dandy tom finds kathy freeing the
soldiers and is indelicate in how he
handles her causing his final
triumvirate of rivalries to play out as
dean is knifed he flashes back to when
he drew the short straw
resulting in him being responsible for
gutting mob brown
examining her recently digested lunch
because he's curious
in the morning as the final two await
the coach kathy casually lights a
dynamite surprise behind them and brings
this long journey to a definitive
conclusion
reminder that i have a website set up
where you can support the channel
through donations or merch
donations earn an uncensored review of
toby hooper's life force and the
merchandise is a combination of logo
apparel along with general horror themed
items a huge thank you to my donators
who will be memorialized in the hall of
head shots
cutthroat's 9 is more horror adjacent
than anything but i think it earns a
place through an excessive and
unnecessary display of gore effects
if nothing else at least it's
interesting to watch a film that so
clearly and directly influenced quentin
tarantino if you enjoyed the video i'd
love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing
thanks for watching